The Navy is different than other branches in a lot of different ways but
I think, about the second or third year that I was in the military,
that I was in the Navy, I saw it as four different types, maybe five
if you considered the Coast Guard. So, if you want to be the soldier
that you hear about in the movies, then you join the Marines. They
work out a lot more, they're the first people that start to fight
the war. You have to, you know, be pretty strong and pretty brave,
in the other branches too but more so for the Marines. If you want
to be similar to the Marines but you want the tough lifestyle, you want
the, you know, the rough, rugged fighting but you're more mechanically
oriented, then you can try the Army. So, the Army, that's when
you drive in tanks, that's when you set up communication systems in
the middle of the desert. So, they're kind of Marines but they're
not the first ones out there. If you want a, kind of, more civilian
style job, then you join the Air Force. Air Force is known that you,
it's known that you have some of the best equipment. For instance,
at Travis Air Force Base, they have excellent golf clubs. They have,
you have basically, a nine to five job. You can, kind of, sit in office
many times. It's not always that case. You know, you can find lots
of different jobs in any service but this is what was going on in
my mind in the second year that I was in the Navy. So, the Navy is
different from all of those. So, for instance, when you're on deployment,
when you're six months, when you're traveling around in the middle
of the ocean for six months, it's not like you're working out
every day, also it's not a nine to five job in an office because you're
working pretty much like, the whole day, you know, and it's not
in an air conditioned office. It's sometimes down in the middle of the
plants. The thing that the Navy has going for it is that you should
be very technical. You should know your job better than any of your
civilian counterparts. So, if you want to be known as someone who's
like, pretty bright with when it comes to computers, when it comes
to mechanical components, fixing machines, then the Navy is for you.